Beginner Class Updates (#261)
mitre/saf-training: src/courses/beginner/11.md

## From STIG to Profile

> Recall from our initial example of an InSpec control from the beginning of this class that a real control will be tied back to an upstream piece of security guidance documentation, like a CIS Benchmark or a STIG. This alignment is done by adding tags to the control code -- the more the better.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Recall from our initial example of an InSpec control that a real control will be tied back to an upstream piece of security guidance documentation, like a CIS Benchmark or a STIG. All the context and metadata for that guidance can be added to the control's code via InSpec specific syntax.
```
